en_139329_0	Security Force Headquarters - Jaffna (SFHQ-J) supporting the commemoration of sacred Deepavali festival of the Hindus in the peninsula made elaborate arrangements to mark the event by way of gifting clothes, decorating Jaffna Fort and Kovils, distributing dry rations, milk rice and sweetmeats and cleaning sacred places, etc. Thanks to the sponsorship provided by the ophthalmologist, Dr. Krishan Rajasuntherem who is also an Adviser to the Presidential Task Force on Renal Disease Prevention, SFHQ-J troops gifted 100 new clothes packets to selected females of low-income families, as one major segment of the SFHQ-J initiated Deepavali arrangements.
en_139329_1	Similarly, 200 more civilians of low-income families in Vadamarachchi area received packets of dry rations and new clothes, following arrangements, made by 551 Brigade in Jaffna on account of ‘Deepavali’.
en_139329_2	Meanwhile, on the directions of Major General Darshana Hettiarachchi, Commander, Security Forces - Jaffna, troops illuminated the entire historic Jaffna Fort with more than 1200 colourful bulbs.
en_139329_3	Likewise, the entire beach patch in Kankasanthurai where a musical entertainment got underway was also lit up with hundreds of multi-coloured bulbs, adding festive glitter to the day.
en_139329_4	Troops also cleaned up the entire access road to the Weerabhadra Kovil in Chavakachcheri and illuminated the road and the Kovil with hundreds of colourful bulbs before troops joined a special Deepavali Pooja in the Kovil.
en_139329_5	Troops on Tuesday (6) morning served milk rice to civilians in Kankasanthurai area and screened video clips that displayed the importance of Deepavali as a national celebration.
en_139329_6	A mega musical arrangement staged near the Kankasanthurai beach, the same evening brought the arrangements to an end.
en_139329_7	At the invitation of Major General Darshana Hettiarachchi, these separate commemorative events were graced by the Chief Incumbent at Jaffna Sri Nagaviharaya, Ven.
en_139329_8	Meegahajandure Siriwimala Thero, Secretary to the Bishop of Jaffna, Rev. Father Terrence, President of the All-Island Hindu Society, Mr. Mohandas and several prominent civilians.
en_139329_9	For the event at Vadamarachchi where 200 dry ration packets and clothes were distributed, Major General Darshana Hettiarachchi, Commander, Security Forces - Jaffna, Mr. Alvaay Pillai Sri, Divisional Secretary, Wadamarachchi North, Mr. E Dayarooban, Divisional Secretary, Wadamarachchi South-West, Mr. Charles Lazarus, Tri Language Coordinator of the Zonal Educational Office in Wadamaarachchi, Army personnel and a large number of civilians graced and joined distribution of those incentives to civilians.
