en_19262_0	The singing and dancing competition for the youth in the Jaffna peninsula, ‘Jaffna Got Talent - 2020’ brought to a reality by the Security Force Headquarters - Jaffna (SFHQ-J) kicked off its first round of selections on Tuesday (11) to find the best out of the best.
en_19262_1	A prominent panel of judging experts, including dons from the Art Faculty, University of Jaffna during the 3-day (11-13 Feb) long selection process that took place at the North Ceylon Oriental Music Society building in the peninsula.
en_19262_2	The project, a suggestion made by Major General Ruwan Wanigasooriya, Commander Security Forces - Jaffna saw more than 125 talented girls and boys, queuing up to enter the selection rounds with enormous interest.
en_19262_3	The inauguration on Tuesday (11) was attended by several renowned artists of fame in the peninsula, in addition to the performing young ones.
en_19262_4	The project aims to tap hidden aesthetic talents of girls and boys in the peninsula and provides them with a platform to bring out their exclusive artistic skills before a gathering of invitees and spectators.
en_19262_5	G. Sathiyan (Murali), Music Director and Sound Engineer, SPM & R Studio, S. Suriya Kumar, Senior Lecturer, Department of Music, Jaffna University, Miss Parameswary, Senior Lecturer, Department of Music, Jaffna University, Mr Pon Sri Wamadewan, Retired Music Teacher, Dean of Art Faculty, Dr Sudhakar and Mrs Kirubasakthy Karuna, Head of the Music Department, Miss Mythily Arulaiya, Mrs Sathiyapriya Gajenthiran, Lecturer, Department of Dance, University of Jaffna, Mrs Nallini Sivaram, Retired Teacher, Mrs Vasanthy Edward Reginald, Teacher, Holy Family Convent, Jaffna and Mrs S Tharmenthira, Senior Lecturer, Department of Dance, University of Jaffna were among Jaffna artists, musicians and university lecturers who were present.
en_19262_6	Members of the Army giving due support to this community-oriented entertaining project registered the contestants and facilitated the conduct of those selection rounds in close coordination with organizers in the North Ceylon Oriental Music Society.
en_19262_7	Brigade Commanders, Officers, troops and residents in the area were present during the launch of the project.
