en_232296_0	Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake, Commander of the Army was honoured by inviting him to grace the opening of the modern auditorium at the Kelaniya Manelwatte N훮g훮nanda International Buddhist University (NIBU) as the Chief Guest on Friday (7) in the company of the donor, Prof U. Daw, Chief Instructor at N훮g훮nanda International Institute for Buddhist Studies and Ven Dr. Bodagama Chandima Thero, Chief Sangha Nayake for Taiwan and the architect of the NIBU.
en_232296_1	The state-of-the-art auditorium, equipped with modern technical accessories and seating capacity for 935 visitors was erected by Sri Lanka Army troops of the Corps of Engineer Service (CES) and Sri Lanka Sinha Regiment (SLSR), belonging to the Security Force Headquarters - West on the guidelines given by Major General Sathyapriya Liyanage, Commander, Security Forces - West.
en_232296_2	A few more than 204 Army engineering professionals and vocationally-qualified soldiers and a few civil consultants completed the 1st floor project in less than 13 months at the request of the Ministry of Defence after the inaugural ceremony took place on 24 October 2017.
en_232296_3	Raw materials and other essentials for the entire construction were supplied by Taiwanese sponsors and other donors, thanks to the initiatives of Ven Bodagama Chandawimala Nayake Thera.
en_232296_4	Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake on arrival was received by Major General Sathyapriya Liyanage, Commander, SF - West and was conducted to make special offerings to the Shrine by Ven Bodagama Chandima Thero, Foreign Buddhist Delegates, invitee monks and other distinguished invitees after attending the flag-raising, to symbolically start the proceedings.
en_232296_5	The Commander afterwards was invited to cut a ribbon and enter the main building.
en_232296_6	Next, he walked to the new auditorium entrance and joined another ribbon-cutting at the main entrance to the new auditorium, built exclusively by his troops.
en_232296_7	The traditional oil lamp-lighting, religious observances and a few speeches, including the Commander's brief one brought the simple ceremony to an end.
en_232296_8	Presentation of souvenirs to the Commander of the Army and vice versa, exchange of mementos with several other dignitaries added memories and dignity to the occasion.
en_232296_9	710 lay persons and 260 foreign monks and nuns are reading for degrees in Buddhist studies at the NIBU as at present.
en_232296_10	Aggamaha Panditha Sri Saddharmashrijothikadaja, Most Ven Kotugoda Dhammawasa Nayake Thero, Maha Nayake of Amarapura Chapter, Maha Nayake of Kotte Sri Kalyani Samagri Dharma Maha Sangha Sabha, Most Ven Dr Ittepane Dhammalankara Nayake Thero, Prelates, Foreign Monks and Nuns, Senior Nayake Theros, Sripada Incumbent, Monks, Mr Jagath Sumathipala, President, All Ceylon Buddhist Congress, Mr Sarath Kongahage, Chairman, Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation, Foreign delegates and a large gathering of invitees took part in the ceremony.
