en_26202_0	Amid a gathering of his military comrades and scores of mourners, late Major General W.J.T. Kamal Fernando (Retd) bade farewell to the Nation during a military funeral that took place at the Colombo General Cemetery Monday (17) evening.
en_26202_1	Late Major General W.J.T. Kamal Fernando (Retd) joined history as the first ever producer of the television transmission in Sri Lanka in 1970, years before the Independent Television Network (ITN) began televising programmes in Sri Lanka.
en_26202_2	During communal riots in 1958, he took up the challenge and connected 22 Government agencies in the island with the office of the Prime Minister at the Temple Trees on an improvised high frequency voice radio network.
en_26202_3	He passed away on Saturday (15) after a brief illness at the age of 85 years.
en_26202_4	His funeral procession represented by scores of Army Senior Officers, including Director General, Directorate of Research Analysis Project and Development Major General Renuka Rowel (Rtd), Major General Ajith Wijesinghe, Military Secretary of the Sri Lanka Army and Colonel Commandant of the Sri Lanka Signal Corps and Major General K.G.D Perera, Director General Personnel Administration of the Army and several senior officers began marching before the troops in accordance with military traditions received the remains, presenting arms, prior to its placing on the gun carriage.
en_26202_5	As the sky turned pale and the Sri Lanka Army band began playing hymns, an eight man military team of bearers carried the casket, draped in the National Flag.
en_26202_6	Those participating in the solemn funeral ceremony in the cemetery afterwards listened to the Special Part I Order, issued by the Adjutant General of the Sri Lanka Army on behalf of the Commander of the Army.
en_26202_7	The Special Part I Order was read to the gathering by an officer of the deceased’s Regiment of Sri Lanka Signal Corps before troops saluted their late Major General with firing of symbolic 13 gun salute, the highest tribute a military officer could get in the event of his death.
en_26202_8	Minutes after the Last Post, the bugle call that sounded, indicating that the great soldier has gone to his final rest, the remains were taken to the graveyard as everyone bade the final farewell to their beloved relative and the former senior military officer.
en_26202_9	Special Part I Order issued by the Commander of the Army read out during the funeral reads as follows;
