en_402848_0	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Colonel of the Regiment, Special Forces and acting Chief of Defence Staff and Commander of the Army gracing the 23rd anniversary commemorative events at the SF Regimental HQ at Naula on Friday (17) respectfully recalled numerous and exceptional sacrifices of fallen brave sons of SF in a solemn commemorative ceremony after the first segment of the day's proceedings was over.
en_402848_1	The visiting Army Chief, accompanied by the SF Centre Commandant walked to the memorial and stood solemn before he paid floral tributes to the memory of fallen SF War Heroes and saluted their bravery.
en_402848_2	The moving scene was coloured with troops on vigil as the floral wreaths were laid and their memories recalled by the day's Chief Guest and others on this special day of significance to all in the SF.
en_402848_3	The day's memories were further coloured with a tree-planting drive organized in the premises to coincide with the memorable event.
en_402848_4	The Commander planted the first sapling and gave the lead to the programme inside the HQ.
en_402848_5	Adding more memories to the occasion, Officers and All Ranks serving the SF HQ and its main wings, then posed for group photos with their Colonel of the Regiment, SF as one more item on the day's agenda.
en_402848_6	After a few minutes, the visiting Commander had several discussions with Senior SF Officers on administrative matters and other routine procedures, including training matters, welfare issues, development programmes, etc. He also specified certain new projects for implementation inside the premises.
en_402848_7	As mid-noon dawned, the Commander, together with hundreds of All Ranks, symbolizing gestures of fellowship, cohesion, unity and brotherhood enjoyed the special anniversary lunch treat and took time off to share a few thoughts with a representative gathering Non-Commissioned Officers and soldiers who had joined the occasion.
en_402848_8	Towards the culmination of the day's long anniversary programme, the Commander penned a few complimentary remarks in the SF Visitors' Book and took leave of the place.
en_402848_9	The ceremonial award of the President’s ‘Rana Parashuwa’ (Hatchet) and the Regimental ‘Rana Parashuwa’ recently to the Special Forces (SF) Regiment, identical to the presentation of prestigious Presidential Colours or honorary Regimental Colours, added further admiration and recognition to the SF Regiment.
en_402848_10	They symbolized as unique emblems upon which soldiers swear allegiance to the Regiment and the State, and further recognize SF soldiers’ unparalleled achievements, exemplary valour, gallantry, dedication and commitment to the cause, and more distinctively, unmatched supreme sacrifices in the battlefields.
en_402848_11	Senior Officers of the SF Regiment, including Brigadier Harendra Ranasinghe, Director Operations, Brigadier D.G.S Senarath Yapa, Brigadier General Staff Security Forces - Kilinochchi, Special Forces Brigade Commander and All Ranks joined those commemorative segments.
