en_418665_0	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Army on Friday (11) appreciated and commended the dedicated services of Major General Aruna Jayasekera, Commander Security Forces - East and Major General D.R Dharmasiri, Director, Army Research Analysis, Projection and Development Branch when they called on him separately on the eve of their retirement after distinguished careers of more than three decades to the Nation.
en_418665_1	During his cordial meeting with Major General Jayasekera, Lieutenant General Silva recalled old memories and highly appreciated Major General Jayasekera's academic and intellectual excellence and his untiring contribution to the elevation of professional standards among Officers by way of his implementation of training modules of high standards.
en_418665_2	The Army Chief also gratefully acknowledged Major General Jayasekera's timely action and prompt preventive measures when Kattankudy and its suburbs were affected by recent cycle of Islamic violence and commended him for his arrest of the developing situation in the whole of the East within hours.
en_418665_3	Religious harmony and reconciliation moves, he effectively maintained in the East also came in for praise of the Commander of the Army during the interactions.
en_418665_4	At the end of the discussion, the Commander of the Army wishing all the best of luck to him presented an appreciative memento to the retiring Senior Officer of the Army who has made the organization proud and admirable.
en_418665_5	He who serves currently as the Colonel of the Regiment, Gemunu Watch is to retire from the Army on 18 October 2019.
en_418665_6	Similarly, Major General D.R Dharmasiri, Director, Army Research Analysis, Projection and Development Branch who is also to retire from the service shortly having served the Army for more than three decades paid a courtesy call on Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Army at the Army Headquarters on Friday (11).
en_418665_7	The separate interactive meeting with the Army Chief reminded both of them of past memories and the challenges they shared together in varying capacities.
en_418665_8	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva also lauded him for his tireless commitment to the advancement of the Army Research Analysis, Projection and Development Branch which laid the basis for All Ranks to innovate various sophisticated creations and shine in fast developing world of science and technology.
en_418665_9	Major General D.R Dharmasiri, who has held a number of key appointments in the organization was also instrumental in introducing different operational aspects as well as new technical innovations to the benefit of the Army and also its infantry.
en_418665_10	During the cordial meeting, Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva inquired into his future prospects upon retirement and gratefully acknowledged his service to the organization even during the crucial stages of the Army and its fight against terrorism.
en_418665_11	After pleasantries, the Commander wished the retiree best of luck and presented a memento in appreciation of his service to the organization.
