en_467211_0	The elite Special Forces (SF) of the Army, an exceptionally recognized regiment, honoured with award of the Presidential 'Ranaparashuwa' (Hatchet) and Regimental 'Ranaparashuwa' (Hatchet) identical to presidential Colours or Regimental Colours marked their 23rd anniversary this morning (17) at Naula SF Regimental HQ premises during an elaborate programme, dignified by the presence of their Colonel of the Regiment, SF Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, acting Chief of Defence Staff and Commander of the Army.
en_467211_1	Together with Mrs Sujeewa Nelson, President Army Seva Vanitha Unit, the Army Chief graced as the Chief Guest of the 23rd anniversary commemorative celebrations.
en_467211_2	On arrival, Brigadier Nishyanka Eeriyagama, Centre Commandant SF welcomed the Colonel of the Regiment soon after SF troops presented a Guard Turnout to the Colonel of the Regiment at the main entrance in accordance with military formalities.
en_467211_3	Troops afterwards saluted their Colonel of the Regiment in a magnificent Guard of Honour, comprised of 222 troops and both the Presidential 'Ranaparashuwa' (Hatchet), Regimental 'Ranaparashuwa' (Hatchet), indeed a rare spectacle.
en_467211_4	From the special dais, the Commander of the Army addressed the troops and commented on the specialized skills of the Special Forces, befitting their thematic motto, ‘Determined, Dared and Done’ and the Commander extended his greetings and warm wishes on the proud history of its eventful 23 years.
en_467211_5	SF Regiment as at present boasts 4 Battalions, two training schools, the Special Forces Brigade and the Headquarters Battalion, manned by a four-digit number of SF troops.
en_467211_6	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva in his anniversary address paid tribute to the heroism of Officers and troops who contributed to the long journey of the SF, replete with impressive achievements and recalled his own experiences with the SF troops during his young days.
en_467211_7	The need to further promote their exclusive expertise to match with modern day threats and challenges was also highlighted by the day's Chief Guest during his anniversary address to the occasion.
en_467211_8	He also did not forget to mention about our moral obligation to care for wounded War Heroes and family members of fallen ones.
en_467211_9	The visiting Colonel of the Regiment also touched on the question of further enhancement of welfare for all ranks, including housing projects, scholarship-awarding, etc in close cooperation with respective wings, the Regimental SF Seva Vanitha Unit and the Army Seva Vanitha Unit.
en_467211_10	Senior Officers of the SF Regiment, including Brigadier Harendra Ranasinghe, Director Operations, Brigadier D.G.S Senarath Yapa, Brigadier General Staff Security Forces - Kilinochchi, Special Forces Brigade Commander and All Ranks joined those commemorative segments.
