en_481609_0	A well-organized separate luncheon felicitation, organized by the Old Thomians’ Association (OTA) at Matale Grand Mountain Hotel Friday (1) afternoon honoured and appreciated the services of Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva after the main ceremony at St Thomas’ College (STC) was over.
en_481609_1	The two-hour long felicitation, which saluted Lieutenant General Silva’s ‘Loyalty to College & Country’ as the College anthem proclaims, began with lighting of the traditional oil lamp, singing of the College anthem and the welcome note.
en_481609_2	A contemporary at College afterwards refreshed past memories during college days, and spoke high of Shavendra’s dedicated commitment for both studies and sports at that time and explained how he emerged as an exceptional character.
en_481609_3	The ceremony also reached another milestone when the Sri Lanka Army formally entered into an agreement with the Matale Municipal Council to take over the maintenance of the Matale Hockey Ground which remains unattended due to shortage of funds in the Municipal Council.
en_481609_4	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva and Mr Daljith Aluvihare, Mayor of Matale Municipal Council signed the agreement to this effect adding a new revitalized chapter to the most popular sport among Matale civilians.
en_481609_5	Accordingly, the Army after taking over this Hockey ground at Matale has planned to re-do the entire ground with new layers, suitable for the sports and reach international standards as per the vision of the Commander of the Army within the shortest possible time.
en_481609_6	Assurances to assist the project in whatever the way possible were also given by attendees during this meeting, considering the reputation Matale has earned as the cradle of 'Hockey'.
en_481609_7	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva in his oration to the occasion gratefully acknowledged felicitation arrangements and kind complimentary remarks made by his contemporaries about him and members of the OTA and organizing members.
en_481609_8	He also paid a glowing tribute to all outsiders and Matale well-wishers for the day’s arrangements.
en_481609_9	Towards the end of the brief meeting, the organizers awarded a symbolic memento to the day’s protagonist amid roars of applause.
en_481609_10	With the vote of thanks proposed by the Secretary to the OTA, a toast was proposed to the continued success of their distinguished old comrade in the College.
