en_533450_0	Sapugaskanda-based Defence Services Command and Staff College (DSCSC), the country's highest seat of military learning for middle-grade officers of the Tri Forces had its graduation ceremony for the Course No 13 at the Nelum Pokuna Mahinda Rajapaksa Theatre this morning (13) before a packed house, headed by Hon. Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa as the day's Chief Guest.
en_533450_1	The Prime Minister on arrival was welcomed by the DSCSC Commandant Major General D.A.P.N Dematanpitiya and members of the Board of Management.
en_533450_2	A total of 157 Officers, comprised of 76 Officers from the Sri Lanka Army, 33 Officers from the Navy, 30 Officers of the Air Force and 18 Foreign Student Officers, representing Bangladesh, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Maldives, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Sudan and USA received graduation during this colourful and grand event, attended by the cream of the defence establishment, including the Secretary Defence, Chief of Defence Staff, Commanders of the Army, Navy and Air Force, diplomats and next of kin of the graduates.
en_533450_3	Hon. Prime Minister awarded those accolades and certificates to the passed staff college (psc) graduates.
en_533450_4	The DSCSC Course No 13 commenced on 3rd January 2019 and covered nearly one-full year period and this Course aims at developing professional knowledge and understanding of selected Student Officers both in Command and on the Staff, where all military doctrinal and strategic level planning and teachings are conducted under one roof as practised by many other Armed Forces in the world for such training.
en_533450_5	The Golden Pen Award for the best research paper was awarded to Major Haritha Pagodaarachchi of the Sri Lanka Signal Corps.
en_533450_6	The Golden Owl Award for the most outstanding performance of the Course No 13 went to Major Rohana Ekanayake (Army Wing), Lieutenant Commander (C) Rangana Athukorala (Navy Wing), including Commandant honours, and Squadron Leader Praneeth Kodikara (Air Wing).
en_533450_7	Commandant honours were awarded to Major Rohana Ekanayake (Army Wing), Commander Prashant Mishra (India) (Navy Wing) and Squadron Leader Praneeth Kodikara (Air Wing) while the most outstanding Foreign Student Award went to Major Asif Azmin (Bangladesh) (Army Wing), Commander Prashant Mishra (India) (Navy Wing) and Wing Commander Mollah Mohommad Tohidul Hasan (Bangladesh) (Air Wing).
en_533450_8	All those accolades were presented by the day's Chief Guest in the company of the Chief of Defence Staff and Tri service Commanders.
en_533450_9	Hon. State Minister of Defence Chamal Rajapaksa, Members of the Board of Management of the DSCSC, Major General (Retd) Kamal Gunaratne, Secretary to MOD, Chief of Defence Staff, Admiral R.C Wijegunaratne, Commander of the Army Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Navy Vice Admiral K.K.V.P.H De Silva and the Commander of the Air Force Air Marshal D.L.S Dias and Director General Department of Management and Audit Mrs S.A.C Kulathilake attended the ceremony.
en_533450_10	Heads of Diplomatic Missions and Other members of the Diplomatic Corps, Former Service Commanders, Former Commandants of the ACSC and DSCSC, Members of the academia, Senior Tri Service Officers, Spouses and next of kin of graduates were among the distinguished guests.
