en_689158_0	"The routine US Travel Advisory (2nd level) issued a few hours ago for US citizens travelling during these long holidays is not something pertaining exclusively to Sri Lanka as alleged by some social media networks but a customary notification setting out to be cautious about their movements in crowded areas and public gatherings as has been clarified later by the US Ambassador here in Colombo.
en_689158_1	No country in the world, in this instance even those with the best of advanced technology, cannot assure 100 percent security to people as you know.
en_689158_2	We have taken all necessary measures to ensure the security of the country and the safety of the people including mega festivals, like the Sri Dalada Perhera festival, Thalawila and Nallur Kovil festivals, etc irrespective of religious differences.
en_689158_3	Instead of transmitting false and misleading information, the public too have a responsibility to assist the law enforcement authorities in case of learning about any suspicious movements, parcels, objects, etc," so said General (Retd) Shantha Kottegoda, Secretary Defence in Kandy this morning (4).
en_689158_4	The Secretary Defence undertaking a special trip to Kandy met the hierarchy in the Police and top-level tri service, STF and Civil Security Department personnel, responsible for security in connection with the annual Esala Festival and reviewed all security issues during a special meeting, together with Diyawadana Nilame and Sathara Devala chieftains.
en_689158_5	Afterwards, he spoke to Media personnel who were there to speak to him.
en_689158_6	"We had several rounds of discussions on security, including two rounds in Colombo and we have been able to provide the maximum security to Sri Dalada Festival with 100 percent arrangements in place, let me tell you without any doubt whatsoever.
en_689158_7	So are the security measures provided to those visiting foreigners and hotels, etc. we cannot let up our security and remain as a dull nation, our prime responsibility is national security and we will continue to uphold this normalcy.
en_689158_8	Thanks to our intelligence, Armed Forces and the Police, we within a short spell of time, detected the terror networks and miscreants and search for them will continue as per instructions of HE the President, our Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces." he added.
en_689158_9	He also said that ongoing investigations into Easter Sunday attacks have still not established any link to believe that it had been launched by the ISIS or any other foreign element, but that impact would certainly have influenced Saharan's and his aides' 'ideology'.
en_689158_10	We are working on all aspects and there is no reason for anyone to bother about national security.
en_689158_11	"The security forces and the Police will not in anyway compromise on public security of all Sri Lankans as well as any foreign national visiting the country.
en_689158_12	Anyone who wishes to visit this country may do so without fear," he emphasized.
