en_743756_0	Hindu religious blessings on the forthcoming 70th Army Anniversary and the Army Day (October 10) commemoration took place this afternoon (2) at Sri Ponnambalawaneswaram Kovil, Colombo 13 in the form of a special ‘Abishekam’ ritual, considered as one of the most revered and recognized blessings among the Hindus.
en_743756_1	None other than the Commander of the Army, Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva himself as the day’s Chief Guest, added significance to the occasion at the invitation of the Army Hindu Association, chaired by Brigadier H.L Guruge.
en_743756_2	The day's invocation of blessings, rich with recital of 'Mantras' and other religious rites and rituals commenced after taking the Army Flag into the inner chamber of the Kovil (temple) by the Chief Kurukkal when it was handed by the Army Chief as temple bells began reverberating.
en_743756_3	The day's religious component, organized by the Sri Lanka Army Hindu Association, the special 'Abishekam' Pooja symbolically invoked blessings on the Army Flag, bestowed blessings on the Army and All Ranks and prayed for its well-being and longevity.
en_743756_4	A ten-member team of Hindu priests, led by the Chief Kurukkal, Rev Siva Sri Sureshwara performed the 'Pooja' and added significance and dignity to the commemoration of the forthcoming 70th Army Anniversary day.
en_743756_5	The traditional ‘Abishekam’ Pooja, comprised of offering of fruits, ghee and garlands, etc to the deities is regarded as one of the most divine rituals in Hinduism where statues of deities are poured with water or fragrant substances, indeed a rare feature.
en_743756_6	Lieutenant General Silva after the observances respectfully made a symbolic cash gift to the temple and its development on behalf of all serving the organization.
en_743756_7	The Chief Priest, Kurukkal Rev Siva Sri Sureshwara at this ancient temple closely coordinated with Army organizers and made it a grand 'Pooja'.
en_743756_8	Major General Sathyapriya Liyanage, Chief of Staff, Major General Kumudu Perera, Deputy Chief of Staff, Major General Nirmal Dharmarathne, Commandant Sri Lanka Army Volunteer Force and a representative gathering of Senior Officers, Hindu Officers and Other Ranks joined the prayer sessions.
en_743756_9	Lieutenant General Silva also did not forget to speak to a group of disabled War Heroes who had come there to join the 'Abhisekam Pooja' in the sacred premises.
