en_83887_0	The Bomb and Improvised Explosive Device Disposal Training (BIEDDT) Advanced Course for members of the Maldives' National Defence Force (MNDF), the Second Phase of the Course, being conducted by Sri Lanka Army experts began on Sunday (5) in the Maldives.
en_83887_1	The Sri Lanka Army Instructor Team currently deployed in the Maldives is in the process of training MNDF Officers and Soldiers on handling and disposal of Bombs, Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) and Un-exploded Ordnance (UXOs), enabling MNDF students to undertake any disposal task as technically and tactically qualified IEDD Handlers.
en_83887_2	The advanced EOD and IEDD Techniques Tactics and Procedures (TTPs) are intended to impart knowledge during this six-week long comprehensive training module.
en_83887_3	The BIEDDT Advanced Course will cover the lessons of Demolitions, IEDs, Advanced Mine Warfare, Destruction of Arms and Ammunition allowing students to attend theoretical classes and maximum practical training sessions.
en_83887_4	Twenty one students, including an officer, Senior Non Commissioned Officers (SNCOs) and Non Commissioned Officers (NCOs) representing various wings in the MNDF are currently following this advanced course.
en_83887_5	The inauguration of the course was held at the MNDF Central Area Headquarters in Laamu, Kadhdhoo and Colonel Ibrahim Hilmy represented the Chief of Defence Force (CDF) in the MNDF and delivered the keynote address appreciating the training opportunity awarded to them by the Sri Lanka Army.
en_83887_6	He further extended his sincere gratitude to the Colonel Commandant of Corps of Sri Lanka Engineers for his invaluable assistance to build EOD capabilities in the MNDF.
en_83887_7	Senior Officers and Other Ranks of the MNDF Central Area Headquarters were present during the opening ceremony.
en_83887_8	The six-week long training course is scheduled to be concluded on 18 February 2020.
en_83887_9	Lieutenant Colonel Chandana Wickramanayake, Colonel Project, Engineer Brigade is coordinating the training programme as the Head of the Training Team and the instructor team consists of five officers and five Other Ranks of the Corps Sri Lanka Engineers.
