en_936387_0	The newest Ranaviru Information Technology Training Institute (RITTI) of the Army, established at the Army Logistic School (ALS) in Trincomalee was vested in spouses and children of retired and serving Army personnel, brothers and sisters of unmarried Army personnel and also among underprivileged school students in Trincomalee this morning (3) during a brief ceremony, graced by the Commander of the Army, Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake.
en_936387_1	This 6th RITTI as in other five RITTIs in Panagoda, Anuradhapura, Kokavil, Kuruwita and Kandy will conduct ‘Awareness Courses in Information Technology’, ‘Sri Lanka Computer Competency License Courses’, ‘Computer Graphics Designing Courses’, ‘Computer Hardware Courses’ and ‘Webpage Designing Courses’ for students above 10 years of age.
en_936387_2	However, the ‘Certificate in Applied Information Technology Courses’ is reserved only for Army personnel.
en_936387_3	Expressing his intention to open a few more Army RITTIs shortly in Mullaittivu, Jaffna, Batticaloa, Ampara and other remote areas where such facilities are a ‘luxury’, the Commander of the Army, Lieutenant General Senanayake in his brief address to the occasion pointed out that sharing of IT knowledge between Army personnel and school students would further cement the existing bonds of goodwill, reconciliation and ethnic harmony in this multi ethnic District.
en_936387_4	He also told the gathering that this Army-provided facility would help find the most talented but hidden IT wizards in the future who would qualify for higher and advanced courses.
en_936387_5	The courses in Army RITTIs have received recognition in the National Apprentice and Industrial Training Authority (NAITA) which in turn enables Army personnel to receive a professional NAITA competence certificate after sitting the examinations.
en_936387_6	Friday’s opening ceremony of the RITTI at Trincomalee began soon after the Commander of the Army arrived there to be received by Major General Nilantha Hettiarachchi, Chief Signal Officer (CSO), together with the ALS Commandant, Brigadier W.G.D Wanniarachchi.
en_936387_7	A Guard Turnout of the 2 Sri Lanka Signal Corps troops greeted the Commander on arrival at the ALS entrance before religious observances of major denominations began in connection with the auspicious opening of the new building.
en_936387_8	Unveiling of the plaque and the subsequent enrolment of the first three students to the Trincomalee RITTI followed afterwards before the Commander spoke out his mind about the project.
en_936387_9	A brief welcome speech of the Chief Signal Officer signalled the onset of the brief meeting.
en_936387_10	(See above for Commander’s remarks to the occasion) Memories were also added to the occasion by the Commander after sitting for a group photo a few minutes later, together with the first batch of enrolled students and Senior Officers of the RITTI.
en_936387_11	Before his departure, the Commander of the Army also left some thoughts in the ALS Visitors’ Book.
