en_941267_0	Members of the Maha Sangha (Buddhist monks), headed by the Chief Sangha Nayake for Matale District along with Hindu, Islamic and Catholic religious dignitaries, Mayor of Matale, organizers of the Sri Punnyawardena Samithiya (Society) and all walks of life in the town on Friday (1) conferred the honorary title, "Vishwakeerthi Sri Mahathala Weera Puthra"on Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Army when he arrived in Matale to participate in his alma mater's felicitation ceremony.
en_941267_1	The ceremony at the Bauddha Mandiraya, near the Super Market premises began after a warm reception, extended by the Mayor of Matale, the general public and organizers to the day's Chief Guest upon his arrival before he was ushered to the venue.
en_941267_2	Mr Daljith Aluvihare, Mayor of Matale Municipal Council, District Secretary for Matale, Divisional Secretaries, Senior Police Officers and members of the Sri Punnyawardena Samitiya were among those who had gathered there to greet him.
en_941267_3	This brief arrangement commenced with the welcome speech, delivered by Mr. R M R Isuru Jayawardana, Chairman, Sri Punnyawardena Samithiya.
en_941267_4	A few minutes later, members of the Maha Sanga chanted ‘Seth Pirith’, invoked blessings on his new appointment and performed religious observances.
en_941267_5	An oration (Anusasana) spoke high of the Commander's dedicated sacrifices for defence of the Motherland and commended him for his rise to the current appointment.
en_941267_6	The ceremony reached its climax when Most Venerable Kosgolle Saddharma Keerthi Sri Chandrajothi Seelarathanabhidhana Nayake Thero, Chief Sanganayaka for Matle District and Retired Principal representing the Sri Punnyawardena Samithiya of Matale as its Chief Patron, read out the citation for conferment of the honorary title, "Vishwakeerthi Sri Mahathala Weera Puthra" on Lieutenant General Silva after inviting him.
en_941267_7	Proceedings continued with the delivery of an interesting lecture on ' Archaeological importance and Matale's history' by Prof Viraj Balasooriya, Assistant Commissioner of Archaeology.
en_941267_8	After a few minutes, the day’s laureate, Commander of the Army making a few words to the occasion thanked everyone for arrangements and expressed his pleasure to continue his duties on behalf of the country.
en_941267_9	Leading and senior citizens of all ethnicity attended the felicitation ceremony, organized by the Sri Punnyawardena Society.
