en_969334_0	Amid reverberating melodies of seasonal music that reminds the world of the forthcoming Christmas spirits, the annual Christmas Carols, coordinated by the Army Christian Fellowship went on the boards at Nelum Pokuna Mahinda Rajapaksa Theatre on Tuesday evening (10) before a gathering of distinguished invitees.
en_969334_1	His Eminence Rev (Dr) Malcom Ranjith, Archbishop of Colombo as the Guest of Honour and Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Army as the Chief Guest graced the event where the Army choir, school choirs and private choirs along with popular singers rendered air, heralding the onset of seasonal greetings.
en_969334_2	The Army Christian Fellowship extended a red carpet welcome to the Archbishop of Colombo and the Commander of the Army in the company of his spouse, Mrs Sujeewa Nelson, President, Army Seva Vanitha Unit on arrival amid fanfare.
en_969334_3	Major General Jayashantha Gamage, Chairman, Army Christian Fellowship delivered the welcome note before the opening prayers of the Army Chaplain Rev Fr.
en_969334_4	Benedict Joseph.
en_969334_5	The day’s Guest of Honour, His Eminence Dr Malcom Cardinal Ranjith read out the Gospel reading and Christmas message as the Chief celebrant as the house rose to feet.
en_969334_6	Conducted in both Sinhala and English languages, popular Christmas melodies such as ‘Seenu Handin’, ‘Joy to the World’, ‘Pini Muwan Hima Udin’, ‘Namo Mariyani’, ‘Birthday of the King’, ‘Pini Poda Asiri’, ‘The Little Drummer Boy’, ‘Pulun Wage Sudu..’, ‘Beth Lehempure’, ‘Holy Night’, ‘Silent Night’, etc dominated the evening adding festive spirits to the occasion.
en_969334_7	Renowned vocalists including Corrine Almeida, Dammika Walpola, Mariazelle Goonathilake, De Lanerolle brothers, Anil Bharathi, Eshantha De Andrado and several Army vocalists sang odes to Prince of the Peace, Jesus Christ before the distinguished audience.
en_969334_8	Christmas Carols of the Army, attended by a representative gathering of Army personnel is an annual feature in the Army calendar of events to coincide with the birth of Jesus Christ.
en_969334_9	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva at the same occasion paid his obeisance to the Archbishop of Colombo, Rev (Dr) Malcom Cardinal Ranjith and extended his heartfelt gratitude for his presence on behalf of the Army.
en_969334_10	The meticulously-lined up grand Carol service was attended by Mrs. Sujeewa Nelson, former Army Commanders, Retired Senior Officers, Senior Officers, Rev Fr.
en_969334_11	Rector, teachers of Enderamulla St. Joseph’s College, Good Shepherds Convent, De Mazenod College and guest singers.
