en_103130_0	“Sri Lanka Army as a professionally-qualified organization will in the future have to seek the support of Non Commissioned Officers (NCOs) when the Army is compelled to intervene to resolve conflicts that could erupt due to political, economic and social circumstances, for which you will have to adopt strategic approaches to decide correctly.
en_103130_1	To appreciate your services, I as the 22nd Commander of the Army have launched several special projects by way of foreign study tours for Regimental Sergeant Majors, conduct of vocational training and human resource management courses, etc,” so said Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake, Commander of the Army during a visit to the Sri Lanka Corps of Military Police (SLCMP) Headquarters in Narahenpita on Monday (1).
en_103130_2	At the invitation of Major General D.K.G.D Sirisena, Colonel Commandant, SLCMP and Commander, Headquarter Logistics Command Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake laid the foundation stone for construction of a new two-storied accommodation complex for Officers serving the Headquarters at Narahenpita.
en_103130_3	On arrival, he was welcomed in a colourful Guard Turnout at the entrance and was saluted in a Guard of Honour at the premises before he planted a ‘red sandalwood’ sapling and laid the cornerstone for the new building.
en_103130_4	As the Chief Guest for the occasion, he addressed the troops and later on shared his thoughts with the troops.
en_103130_5	“Considering social and political milieu of the country, the Army has to maintain closer ties with civil communities with the objective of promoting peace and reconciliation in the country.
en_103130_6	For this we have to be prepared for all challenges and acquire necessary knowledge in all aspects.
en_103130_7	As a respected organization, we have launched many different projects in the field of agriculture, nation-building, reforestation, production of our own ration packs and new innovations, etc. You need to be committed to highest levels of discipline and work as a community who love this country.
en_103130_8	Similarly, strict disciplinary action should be taken against any violators of discipline and this should be borne in your mind all the time,” the Commander warned during his speech to the troops at the SLCMP Headquarters.
en_103130_9	At the end of the day’s agenda, the Commander sat with sections of troops for group photographs.
en_103130_10	The ceremonies will come to end during a formal mess night, to be held this evening (1) at the Rock House Banquet Hall.
en_103130_11	Senior SLCMP Officers including Major General Wasantha Madola, Coordinating Officer Punani Ammunition Dump, Brigadier Sarath Podiralahami, Brigadier Administration and Quartering, National Cadet Corps Headquarters, Brigadier Ranjan Premalal, Provost Marshall, Brigadier Rahula Weerawardena, Director Assets Management, Colonel A.L Illangakoon and many Officers were present during the Commander’s visit to the SLCMP Headquarters.
