en_177109_0	The final segment of the series of religious observances in connection with the forthcoming 69th Army Anniversary adorned Kataragama Kirivehera and Devala precincts this evening (5) where hundreds of flag-carrying representative Officers and Other Rankers of the Army joined devotees at Kataragama.
en_177109_1	The symbolic and colourful Army flag blessing ceremony was headed by the Commander of the Army, Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake as the Chief Guest, together with Major General Ajith Kariyakarawana, Deputy Chief of Staff, Major General Rukmal Dias, Commander, Security Forces - Central, Major General Shavendra Silva, Adjutant General, Major General Nishantha Wanniarachchi, General Officer Commanding, 12 Division and several Senior Officers.
en_177109_2	The Army flag, Volunteer Force Headquarters flag, flags of all Security Force Headquarters, Divisions, Brigades, formations, Regiments, Training Schools and Units during this ceremony were taken thrice round the Kirivehera Stupa in devotion, preceded by Army drummers before the flags were placed in a special float for invocation of blessings.
en_177109_3	Simultaneously, a section of the attendees took part in the special ‘Kapruk Pooja’ (offerings) around the Pagoda as all lined up together to conduct the ‘Gilanpasa Pooja’ after lighting 1500 coconut oil lamps in the premises.
en_177109_4	After the Kirivehera deputy incumbent monk, Ven Thalagala Gnaninda Thera, performed religious rites and rituals, the day’s Chief Guest offered Pirikara to members of the Maha Sangha present at the occasion and received blessings.
en_177109_5	Seconds later, a special Pooja with garlands of white lotus was offered to the Mahasen Devalaya before colourful flag-bearers assembled again to proceed to the Kataragama Devala precincts for the remainder of religious observances.
en_177109_6	Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake on the same occasion presented a financial contribution towards the development of the sacred Kirivehera as a symbolic gesture of veneration.
en_177109_7	The procession, comprised of Army flag bearers and Hevisi groups wended its way afterwards to the Devala premises where the flags were symbolically accepted by Senior Officers to be given to the Commander of the Army as the Head of the Organization.
en_177109_8	Religious observances at the ‘Ashtapalabodhiya’ premises ended with the offering of ‘Atapirikara’ to the sacred tree.
en_177109_9	As the Thewava (routine offerings) of the Devalaya got underway, the Commander delivered the flags for invocation of blessings to the Devala guardians.
en_177109_10	Before the offerings were made, another cash donation for development of the sacred place was also handed over to the Basnayake Nilame at the Devalaya by the Commander of the Army as a gesture of respect to the venue.
en_177109_11	Distribution of the special ‘Muruthen Pooja’ afterwards among all devotees at the premises culminated the day’s event.
en_177109_12	The elaborate event, held as another segment of the religious ceremonies, prior to the Army Day (Oct 10) symbolizes the deep veneration the Army has towards the Buddha’s Uddesika relics which are believed to have been enshrined in the Kirivehera, built by the famous King Mahasen after the Buddha paused here during His 3rd visit to Sri Lanka in the 3rd century BC.
