en_214142_0	HE the President of the Republic of Mali, Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta extending his sincere condolences to the bereaved families of fallen Sri Lankan Peacekeepers during their duties in Mali in a letter of condolences condemns the “odious and unjustifiable act which aims only to sabotage the efforts of the Malian parties and the international community in the framework of the stabilization of Mali”.
en_214142_1	The message, issued by the Embassy of the Republic of Mali in New Delhi through the High Commission of Sri Lanka in New Delhi further states that the Government of Mali expresses its deep indignation at the terrorist attack perpetrated on 25 January 2019 which resulted in the death of two Sri Lankan UN Peacekeepers and injury to several peacekeepers.
en_214142_2	The full text of the message is as follows; The Government of Mali expresses its deep indignation at the terrorist attack perpetrated on 25 January 2019 against a MINUSMA convoy near the town of Douentza in the region of Mopti, which resulted in the death of two UN peacekeepers contingent from Sri Lanka and several wounded.
en_214142_3	In this painful circumstance, the President of the Republic on behalf of the Government and the people of Mali as a whole, extends his sincere condolences to the Secretary General of the United Nations, MINUSMA, the Brother People and the Government of Mali, the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the families of fallen Sri Lankan peacekeepers and wishes a speedy recovery to the wounded in the attack.
en_214142_4	The Government of Mali condemns with the utmost energy this odious and unjustifiable act which aims only to sabotage the efforts of the Malian parties and the international community in the framework of the stabilization of Mali.
en_214142_5	The Government of Mali undertakes to make every effort to identify the perpetrators of this cowardly attack and bring them to justice.
en_214142_6	The Government of Mali reiterates its deep compassion and solidarity with MINUSMA and the armed forces of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.
en_214142_7	The message signed at Koulouba in Mali on January 26, 2019 has been forwarded to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Sri Lanka by HE the Ambassador in the Embassy of the Republic of Mali in New Delhi Sekou Kasse, along with his own note of condolences.
en_214142_8	Posthumously promoted Major H.W.D Jayawickrama of 11 Sri Lanka Light Infantry from Polonnaruwa and Sergeant S.S Wijekumara of 1 Mechanized Infantry Regiment from Thalakolawewa, Polpithigama of the Sri Lankan Army Contingent in Mali laid down their lives on Friday (25) in an explosion while performing their UN Peacekeeping Mission duties around 6.30 a.m. in Keerana area after their WMZ convoy was attacked by a rebel group using an Improvised Explosive Device (IED).
en_214142_9	Three more Sri Lankan Peacekeepers sustained injuries and were admitted to the Level 2 Hospital at Gao in Mali.
