en_433026_0	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, acting Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) and Commander of the Army in the ‘Sanhinda’ Talk Show on Thursday (2) in the national ‘Rupavahini’ announced that a mammoth welfare project to award scholarships, savings accounts and other incentives to students of Army families in both regular and volunteer forces would be launched shortly to the value of Rs 50 m.
en_433026_1	“From this year onwards, the identical scholarship award project, hitherto being implemented every year by the Sri Lanka Army Volunteer Force (SLAVF) would encompass the regular force of the Army too with the objective of providing this mega benefit to thousands of students of Army families,” Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva said.
en_433026_2	“The element of happiness among military personnel is the key responsibility of the Army and this would greatly bring a positive impact on the professional life as well as the personal life of the soldier.
en_433026_3	Those proposed scholarships would cover students who do well in Grade 5 scholarship examination, G.C.E OL and G.C.E AL examinations and would be extended until those students complete their university education,” the TV moderator was told.
en_433026_4	“A novel project to encourage those young ones to continue with the practice of saving for the future would also be introduced with an initial deposit of Rs 10,000 - 15,000 = in addition to the scholarship programme, so that these budding youngsters would feel that they are well protected as they proceed with their future studies until they take up their career professions”, the Commander further explained.
en_433026_5	“The entire project, named ‘Nena Guna Piri Viru Daru Abhiman’ would also provide benefits to children in civil staff families serving the Army.
en_433026_6	The education is the ladder of success and it would groom a disciplined person to the society and the generation that would be born afterwards would in the same manner turn useful citizens of this country due to motivation they receive.
en_433026_7	All these programmes would receive the cooperation of the President and the Secretary Defence to suit the aspirations of the government”, the Commander of the Army further elaborated.
en_433026_8	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva also requested private sector organizations to extend their assistance to make these projects a success since the incentives given to education of children in military families are also a form of investment in society.
en_433026_9	Major General Jagath Gunawardena, Commandant, SLAVF and Brigadier K.P Nugegoda, Deputy Commandant, SLAVF were among other resource personnel who were associated with the ‘Sanhinda’ Talk Show.
en_433026_10	Here follows the full video footage;
