en_50829_0	The inauguration of the Buttala Officer Career Development Centre (OCDC) Seminar on the theme, ‘Contemporary Strategic Environment in the Region and the Role of Military Commanders’ took place this morning (17) during a simple ceremony headed by Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake, Commander of the Army as the Chief Guest.
en_50829_1	The traditional oil lamp lighting paved the way for the OCDC Commandant, Brigadier Chandana Gunawardana to deliver his welcome speech.
en_50829_2	Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake afterwards delivered the keynote address, laying a solid platform to unfold Seminar sessions on the relevant sub themes inclusive of ‘Dynamics of Strategic Environment in IOR’, ‘Implications of Strategic Environment on National Context’, ‘Role of Military in Domestic Environment’, ‘Transformation of a Military Commander’ and ‘Ideal Command Model to Suit the Contemporary Strategic Environment’.
en_50829_3	Sixty Senior Officers of the Sri Lanka Army in the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and Major are attending the Seminar 2/2018, being held for the 12th consecutive time at Buttala.
en_50829_4	Senior lecturers of the General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University, Professor Amal Jayawardane, Department of Strategic Studies, Ms Yasoja Gunasekera, Senior Director General (SAARC) - Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Major General Aruna Jayasekara, Commander, Security Forces - East, Brigadier I.H.M.N.N Herath and Brigadier M.D.U.V Gunatilleka attended the day’s academic sessions.
en_50829_5	During 17-18 December, the five sessions of the Seminar will follow interactive question and answer sessions, allowing the participants to share their views with experts.
en_50829_6	OCDC added memories to the Commander’s visit to the OCDC by presenting him with a special portrait.
en_50829_7	Brigadier Chandana Gunawardena, OCDC, Commandant made the symbolic gesture of awarding the portrait.
en_50829_8	To coincide with the Seminar 2/2018, Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake Commander of the Army ceremonially opened the newly constructed academic building ‘Academic Nexus’ and a new residential block in the premises, supplementing the academy with all facilities. (see separate story) Major General Dampath Fernando, Chief of Staff of the Sri Lanka Army, Major General Ajith Kariyakarawana, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Sri Lanka Army a few Senior Officers also participated in the Seminar and the opening ceremony.
