en_511326_0	Two officers and seventy soldiers, belonging to the 47-C & D batches of the reputed Commando Regiment (CR) of the Army during a magnificent military ceremony of the high standards received their insignia on Saturday (5) at Uva-Kuda Oya Commando Regiment Training School (CRTS), amid a distinguished gathering of invitees, including Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Army who graced the event as the Chief Guest.
en_511326_1	The Passing Out Parade (PoP), coloured with pinning of CR badges, award of insignia, maroon berets and special appreciative accolades to best achievers, live displays of combat skills, mock sniper operations and simulated attacks, dog shows, heli-rappelling feats, drills, etc added thrill and amusement to the occasion Major General Pradeep de Silva, Colonel of the Regiment, Commando Regiment (CR), along with Colonel J.M.S.G.B Jayamaha, CRTS Commandant extended a warm welcome to the day's Chief Guest on arrival and invited him to inspect the Guard Turnout, the military salute at the entrance to the premises.
en_511326_2	A few minutes later, a Guard of Honour parade saluted the day's Chief Guest after he reviewed it with the Parade Commander in conformity with military traditions.
en_511326_3	As the parade stood on attention, the climax of the day's event reached as parents and next of kin of the graduates were invited afterwards to pin Commando badges on their beloved ones who successfully completed the course and qualified.
en_511326_4	Next, joined the Commander of the Army, together with the Colonel of Regiment, CR and several Senior Officers to award Maroon Berets to those Officers and Other Ranks as symbols of their proud and prestigious identity.
en_511326_5	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva was also invited to award special prizes for students who had performed exceptionally well throughout the Commando course.
en_511326_6	The award for the Best Student of the course and the Best Shooter went to Lieutenant T.B.T.N Rupasena and the award for the Best Student in Physical Training was won by Private W.P.N Prasad.
en_511326_7	At the end of the awarding ceremony, the Commander of the Army who had also served as Colonel of the Regiment, CR several months ago, addressed the gathering and offered his best wishes to all new Commando graduates.
en_511326_8	He spoke high of the contribution of the Commandos and armed forces during the three-decade long war and did not mince words to bow his head to the memories of fallen Commandos and War Heroes during the humanitarian operations.
en_511326_9	In a fatherly note, the Commander appealed them to pursue their career with the highest standards of discipline and commitment.
en_511326_10	Likewise, the Commander of the Army valued the correct decision of the parents of those graduates and profusely thanked them for a noble decision taken at the right moment.
en_511326_11	He also paid a special tribute to the CR instructors for their contribution towards grooming of those special soldiers on behalf of the motherland.
en_511326_12	Towards the final leg of the day's event, live spectacles of Commando soldiers' combat skills and special entertaining features which largely focused on their accumulated untiring strength, military skills and fighting capabilities of unprecedented nature thrilled the attendees with live target-taking of the CR Snipers, Face to Face Firing within 1 ft distance, Dog Shows, Hostage Rescue Counter Terrorism shows with air rappelling with the support of the Bell 212 helicopter, etc. The CRTS on the same occasion became further equipped when the Commander of the Army had the privilege of inaugurating the newly-erected training wing, ‘Maroon Mascot’ where hundreds of trainees could be facilitated for leadership training and team cooperation modules.
en_511326_13	Major General Nirmal Dhramarathna, Commandant, Sri Lanka Army Volunteer Force, Major General Manoj Mudannayake, Director General Infantry, Major General Pradeep Silva, Colonel of the Regiment, CR & General Officer Commanding, 57 Division, senior military officers, officers, other rankers, parents and invitees attended the PoP ceremony at Kuda Oya.
