en_528009_0	The Center for Research and Development (CRD) of the Ministry of Defence, making a significant stride in the sphere of military innovations, handed over several newly-invented products to the Commander of the Army, Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva through the Secretary of Defence on Tuesday (5).
en_528009_1	The formal ceremony for release of those innovations took place at the Ministry of Defence in the presence of the Secretary Defence, Commander of the Army, Director General of the CRD, Officials from the Ministry of Defence and Officers of the Center for Research and Development.
en_528009_2	Those innovative products included a BTR 80 A simulator, Light Vehicle Simulator, 81 MM Mortar Simulator, Ce-FRAD 2019; Shipping Container-based Mobile Live Firing Range, Paratrooper Training Simulator and Hi-Tech Soldier software based applications.
en_528009_3	These new products were aimed at enhancing the professional and capability development of Officers and Soldiers in the Sri Lanka Army and based on the successfully completed research roles that were conducted during 1-2 year period of research and experiment.
en_528009_4	Under the able leadership and professional guidance of the Director General of the CRD, Brigadier (Dr) Thiran De Silva, CRD has managed to introduce a range of new products to the Tri Forces of Sri Lanka during the last five years.
en_528009_5	The fruitful benefit outcomes of this research-based technological products are now being received by the Armed Forces of Sri Lanka with a very high level of positive feedback.
en_528009_6	During the formal discussion, CRD Director General, Dr Silva also highlighted that it is now possible to introduce this low-cost systems to the international market while proving the hi-tech defence-related production capability of our country to be on par with other professional military outfits and global partners in defence productions.
en_528009_7	While congratulating and thanking the Director General for his untiring efforts to uplift the military capabilities of our Armed Forces, Secretary to the Ministry of Defence admired the research team of the CRD for their innovative thinking and painstaking efforts.
en_528009_8	He further emphasized that these products can now be used by the Army for training purposes while saving a big chunk of money for the country.
en_528009_9	Commander of the Army also thanked and expressed his gratitude to the Director General and the CRD team for their innovative contribution to the Sri Lanka Army and wished the CRD best of luck in their future endeavours.
