en_580132_0	HE the President, Maithripala Sirisena on Friday (15), perhaps in the final religious assignment of this magnitude, prior to relinquishment of office of his Presidency offered six newly-erected residential cottages at International Theravada Buddhist Centre (ITBC) at Kaluwaragaswewa to the 'Sasana' and members of the Maha Sangha during a ceremony, attended by Maha Nayake Theros, Chief of Defence Staff, Army, Navy Commanders and a large gathering of devotees.
en_580132_1	The establishment of the ITBC spanning in 89 acres of land, donated by the Wanninayakes, a reputed family lineage in the province is dedicated to the training of both foreign and local monks for understanding of the quintessence of Buddhism in its pristine form, particularly with focus on age-old buddhist practices, traditions, principles, values, morals, virtues, etc that have been in practice in Myanmar for generations, but not in Sri Lanka any more.
en_580132_2	Researches and studies confirm that Burmese monks continue to cherish and thrive on these perceptions in order to nurture Buddhist perspectives further at global level, Buddhism now being the fast spreading religious way of life in many a foreign soil.
en_580132_3	Late Most Ven Nauyane Ariyadhamma Maha Nayake Thero of the Wanawasi Sect at Galduwa Yogashramaya pioneered the project when he was alive, together with his disciples and a group of dedicated Buddhists in the country.
en_580132_4	The day's itinerary at this Buddhist seat of learning and practicing set out soon after the arrival of the day's Chief Guest who was warmly received by the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Admiral Ravindra C Wijegunaratne, Commander of the Army, Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Navy, Vice Admiral Piyal De Silva, General (Retd) Daya Ratnayake, former Commander of the Army, Dr Ranga Kalansuriya, a few politicians and members of the Dayake Sabhawa (board of the laity).
en_580132_5	President Sirisena at first went round the precincts and saw for himself how the constructions have been professionally completed by Army engineers and troops after the responsibility was entrusted to them.
en_580132_6	President Sirisena had the rare privilege of planting the first Bo sapling in the premises and inauguration of those new residential cottages after a while at the invitation of the monks.
en_580132_7	Religious rites and rituals, including the symbolic 'Pen Wedeeme' tradition, performed by members of the Maha Sangha signified the formal acceptance of the new cottages by mendicant monks before they presented a special appreciative memento to HE the President, the driving-force behind the realization of the project.
en_580132_8	The construction of this six-cottage complex with Presidential funds began in earnest on 3 October 2019, following instructions of the Commander of the Army Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva on a Presidential directive.
en_580132_9	2 Engineer Service Regiment (ESR) Regiment troops under the technical supervision of Colonel H.T. P Mahendra, Commanding Officer for 2 ESR with Major Dilanga Lankathilake, Project Officer carried out the construction work in less than six weeks in an impressive manner.
en_580132_10	Sri Lanka Navy, instrumental in producing RO water treatment plants installed one of those units in the precincts for the benefit of those resident monks.
en_580132_11	President, CDS, Army and Navy Commanders afterwards joined the 'Sangeeka Daana' (offer of alms) and served food to those mendicant monks in the sacred place, together with hundreds of devotees during the occasion.
en_580132_12	In the midst of the programme, the Commander of the Army spoke to Army engineers and builders who were present there and commended them for their contribution to the success of the project in record time.
en_580132_13	Adding memories, HE the President, flanked by the CDS, Army and Navy Commanders posed for a group photo at the location, together with the entire workforce of the Army, Navy and civil staffers.
en_580132_14	During the proceedings, a little daughter in the area who had authored a story book by herself came forward and presented a copy of it to the Commander of the Army who shared a few words with her on the subject matter and her well-being.
en_580132_15	Lieutenant General Silva after HE the President allocated a sum of Rs 17 million took the initiative in this regard and brought the construction of six residential quarters to completion before the deadline.
en_580132_16	The whole ITBC project is expected to come up on staggered basis in a unique surrounding within a few years, enabling foreign monks and scholars to receive short or long resident training in Buddhism, its principles and traditions.
