en_66556_0	A special Christian service, one more segment of the series of multi-religious ceremonies, organized in connection with the forthcoming 70th Army Day (October 10), blessed the forward-march of the Sri Lanka Army in a solemn ceremony, held this afternoon (4) at St. Mary's Church, Bambalapitiya.
en_66556_1	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Army as the Chief Guest for the occasion along with Mrs. Sujeewa Nelson President, Army Seva Vanitha Unit and a large gathering of Army Officers and their family members joined the prayer session and the service, led by Archbishop of Colombo, His Eminence Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith.
en_66556_2	Major General Athula Kodippili, Chairman, Army Christian Association welcomed the day’s Chief Guest on arrival.
en_66556_3	Brigadier Manjula Karunaratne, Secretary to the Army Christian Fellowship afterwards delivered a brief welcome speech and spelt out the theme of the day’s service.
en_66556_4	The Army Christian Fellowship-organized special thanks-giving ceremony was officiated after an introduction that spoke of the greatness of Lord Jesus and his divine blessings.
en_66556_5	Rev E.K Yasharathne, Baptist Association, Chaplain of the Army Christian Fellowship delivered introductory comments, highlighting the importance of the commemoration of the Army anniversary and inviting everyone to join hymns.
en_66556_6	Blessings were then symbolically invoked on the Commander of the Army and all serving members, Army Flag and all Regimental Flags after the soldiers respectfully brought them in and placed them at the foot of the altar in the holy precincts.
en_66556_7	Around the same time, the Holy Service prayed for the souls of all fallen War Heroes in the battlefields and elsewhere while simultaneously wishing speedy recovery to all injured Army personnel, still under rehabilitation and recuperation, those who are serving as well as members of the families of all Army personnel.
en_66556_8	Members of the clergy from St. Mary's Church, Bambalapitiya, Baptist Church, Methodist Church and Anglican Church as reverends officiated the Service and offered due recognition to the services of the Army.
en_66556_9	Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva, Commander of the Army after culmination of the special service made a financial donation towards the development of the holy shrine.
en_66556_10	General Lionel Balagalle (Retd) and General Daya Ratnayake (Retd), former Commanders of the Army were also present at the occasion.
en_66556_11	Members of the Army Christian Fellowship, together with a large gathering of Army personnel, spouses and family members of Army personnel attended the special service.
