en_827855_0	A record gathering of over 7000 students in multi-ethnic colleges and schools in the suburbs of the Colombo Hindu College, together with hundreds of Army personnel and all walks of life joined hands together this morning (2) to march in the Hindu College's thematic ‘Peace & Harmony-Big Match Walk - 2019,' organized jointly by the Colombo Hindu College's Old Boys' Association in Sri Lanka and College students with active support from the Integrity Society, Mother Sri Lanka and overseas branch of the Old Boys’ Association.
en_827855_1	This year’s ‘Peace & Harmony’ Big Match Walk of the College that coincides with the start of the biennial 'Big Match' (8-9 March) between the Colombo Hindu College and the Jaffna Hindu College, according to the organizers has been designed to be in line with HE the President's conceptual ‘Ekata Sitimu’ national project, now underway as a mechanism to inspire and strengthen the importance of co-existence and multi-ethnic and multi-religious harmony to reach the national goal of durable peace.
en_827855_2	At the request of the organizers, Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake, Commander of the Army pledged the Army support to the project and instructed to the Security Force Headquarters - West (SFHQ-West) provide them with all possible assistance to make it a success.
en_827855_3	Saturday's (2) inaugural phase of the walk was attended by Brigadier Sumith Atapattu, Director Media and Colonel of the Regiment Mechanize Infantry by representing the Commander of the Army as Chief Guest.
en_827855_4	Several distinguished participants, including Mr T.P Prameshwaran, Principal, Mr E. Pathmaraj, Vice President (Sports) of Old Boys’ Association and Dr P. V Logenthiran, International Coordinator, Old Boys’ Association of Hindu College, Teachers, students and parents also took part in the event.
en_827855_5	The Walk began from the College premises and ended at Independence Square, Colombo 7.
en_827855_6	On Thursday (28), a few proponents of the Colombo Hindu College, led by Mr T.P Prameshwaran, Principal invited the Commander of the Army formally to the thematic Hindu College Big Match Walk after calling at the Army Headquarters.
en_827855_7	Earlier, Hindu College Old Boys’ Association and the Principal in separate requests sought the assistance of the Sri Lanka Army to make their thematic ‘10th Big Match Walk’ a remarkable one as scores of Sinhala, Tamil and Muslim students are set to participate in the mammoth walk Mr T.P Prameshwaran, Principal, Mr E. Pathmaraj, Vice President (Sports) of Old Boys’ Association and Dr P.V Logenthiran, International Coordinator, Old Boys’ Association of Hindu College were among those who met the Commander and shared views on the conduct of the event.
en_827855_8	Lieutenant General Mahesh Senanayake, Commander of the Army at the Army Headquarters during the meet thanked the organizers for their understanding of the national need of the hour and their plans to invite neighbouring students of different ethnicity to the ‘Big Match Walk’ that begins from the College premises.
