en_835525_0	With establishment of the Overall Operations Command (OOC) on Monday (29) evening, security operations, being conducted by all Army, Navy, Air Force troops and Police areas within the Western Province and Puttalam District came under the OOC for operational purposes, as additional troops with sister services and the Police in the past 24 hours intensified their emergency search and clear operations under the command of the OOC, commanded by Major General Sathyapriya Liyanage, Overall Operational Commander who is also the Commander Security Forces - West.
en_835525_1	Rear Admiral W.A.S.S Perera of the Navy, Air Vice Marshal W.L.R.P Rodrigo of the Air Force and Superintendent of Police L.K.D Anil Priyantha function as Coordinating Officers of Navy, Air Force and the Police in the OOC respectively and the OOC functions under the Chief of Defence Staff.
en_835525_2	In the past 24 hours, those troops and Policemen enforced road blocks, mobile patrols and conducted search operations in the general areas of Colombo, Matara, Dickwella, Bandarawela and several other areas.
en_835525_3	Meanwhile, as violence-hit part of the eastern region has returned to near normalcy and the general public reinforcing their full confidence in the Army, Major General Aruna Jayasekara Tuesday (30) visited several major areas in the East and supervised the status quo.
en_835525_4	In Batticaloa, Thannamunai, security provided by the Army enabled St Joseph’s Church to go ahead with its annual feast and divine Pooja as planned with hundreds of devotees attending it.
en_835525_5	More than 800 devotees and 125 Catholic priests were present at this feast.
en_835525_6	Bishop of Batticaloa Rt Rev Joseph Ponniah and Bishop of Trincomalee Diocese had brief exchange of views with the visiting Major General Jayasekara and commended the Army for its ongoing security arrangements as well as the security provided to the Church feast amid existing threats.
en_835525_7	Likewise, he visited Ampara areas and met several religious leaders, Naval Commander for the East, civil society leaders, tri-service and Police senior Officers serving those areas and evaluated security developments in the presence of Major General Mahinda Mudalige, General Officer Commanding, 24 Division of the SFHQ-East and respective Brigade Commanders under the 24 Division.
en_835525_8	The visiting East Commander also met Mr Yogeshwaran, MP Batticaloa District, Rear Admiral D.N.S.C Kalubowila, Commander, Southeastern Naval Area, Prof. M.M.M Najeem, Vice Chancellor of Southeastern University, Mr M Uthayakumar, District Secretary, Batticaloa, Mr Bandaranayaka, District Secretary, Ampara, Senior Deputy Inspector General of Police, Eastern Province, Mr Kapila Jayasekara and General Officers Commanding, Brigade Commanders and Commanding Officers and discussed matters related to maintenance of law and order in the Eastern Province and insisted the need to have close coordination among the sister services, Police and the Army.
en_835525_9	During the interactions, the Commander highlighted the value of the information provided by the general public with full confidence on the security forces to apprehend the suspicious elements to bring security of the region to normalcy.
en_835525_10	Similarly, Army troops prioritized the provision of security to the South Eastern University in Oluvil, Ampara, the main seat of learning in the East.
en_835525_11	Likewise, Major General Jayasekara in the past 24 hours had separate meetings with Buddhist, Catholic and Islamic religious dignitaries in Batticaloa, Ampara, Polonnaruwa and Trincomalee and discussed measures that could be applied to maintain law and order and apprehend suspicious violent elements in specific areas.
en_835525_12	In addition, Security Forces strengthened their searches in Kalmunai, Nintavur, Saindamaradu, Samanthurai, Kaththankudy, Nappatthumunai, Potuvil, Batticaloa and Ampara areas and handed over several suspects to the Police in respective areas, including 1 suspect with ISIS literature, swords and knives.
en_835525_13	At the time this report was pasted, Security Forces are continuing their operations in the Eastern region.
